CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

# Quansight Repository Code of Conduct

- [Quansight Repository Code of Conduct](#quansight-repository-code-of-conduct)
  - [1. Introduction](#1-introduction)
    - [a. Expected Behavior](#a-expected-behavior)
    - [b. Unacceptable Behavior](#b-unacceptable-behavior)
  - [2. Incident Reporting Guidelines](#2-incident-reporting-guidelines)
    - [a. How to Submit an Incident Report](#a-how-to-submit-an-incident-report)
    - [b. Conflicts of Interest](#b-conflicts-of-interest)
    - [c. What to Include in a Report](#c-what-to-include-in-a-report)
    - [d. Procedures after Filing a Report](#d-procedures-after-filing-a-report)
  - [3. Sources](#3-sources)

-------

## 1. Introduction

The aim of this Code of Conduct is to facilitate healthy and constructive
community behavior by all participants at
Quansight-organized in-person events and in Quansight-managed public
repositories.  Those participants
may be users, maintainers, or contributors to open-source projects managed by
Quansight PBC. This Code of Conduct outlines expected
behaviors as well as steps for reporting incidents of unacceptable behavior.

This Code of Conduct applies to all repositories and communities for
Quansight-managed open-source projects regardless of whether or not the
repository explicitly includes this document. The Code also applies in public
spaces when an individual represents a project or its community. This Code of
Conduct applies to all spaces and public repositories of Quansight on all
platforms (including GitHub). Examples
include using an official project e-mail address, posting via an official
social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or
in-person event. What constitutes representing a project may be further defined
and clarified by project maintainers.

Quansight is committed to providing a welcoming and inspiring community for
all. Anyone claiming affiliation with Quansight public repositories is required
to conform to the Code of Conduct.
Possible consequences for breaching this Code of Conduct are listed below.

Incidents concerning Quansight employees may be referred to Quansight's HR
staff.

If you have questions about interpreting this Code of Conduct, please reach out
to any member of the Code of Conduct committee. The current Code of Conduct
committee is:

+ Dhavide Aruliah (`daruliah@quansight.com`)
+ Aaron Meurer (`ameurer@quansight.com`)
+ Kim Pevey (`kpevey@quansight.com`)
+ Matti Picus (`mpicus@quansight.com`)

The COC committee consists of (at least) three members of Quansight staff. The
term of the membership is one calendar year with the option for renewal if
desired (the COC committee may stagger departures to preserve committee
memory).

You may alternatively choose to contact one of the Quansight Labs Co-Directors
with questions regarding this COC:

+ Ralf Gommers (`rgommers@quansight.com`)
+ Tania Allard (`tallard@quansight.com`)

### a. Expected Behavior

+ Be empathetic, welcoming, friendly, patient, considerate, and mindful.
    + Everyone deserves to be treated with kindness and empathy.
+ Remember, you might not be communicating in someone else’s primary language.
    + If a communication is unclear, ask for clarification respectfully.
+ Offer to help if you see someone struggling or otherwise in need of assistance.
    + Take care to be kind without being patronizing.
    + If someone asks you for help, try to be generous with your time.
    + If you do not have the time, direct them to someone else who might.
+ Be mindful of the words you choose.
    + Do not insult or put down others.
    + Take responsibility for your words in all communications (i.e., written or verbal).
+ Be respectful during remote and in-person interactions alike.
+ Adopt habits that are inclusive and productive for community members wherever and whomever they are.
+ Be polite and friendly in all forms of communication.
    + Remember, with written communication, opportunities for misunderstanding are much greater.
    + Use sarcasm sparingly.
    + Consider using extratextual indicators (e.g., emojis) to ensure that tone
      is clearly communicated online.
+ Seek to understand other viewpoints and resolve differences constructively.
    + Different people have different perspectives on issues.
    + Our community consists of people from widely varying backgrounds.
    + Disagreements, both social and technical, are useful learning opportunities.
    + Being unable to understand someone else's viewpoint doesn’t mean it's wrong.

### b. Unacceptable Behavior

Do not insult or put down other members of the community. Do not tolerate
behavior that is disrespectful to anyone or that excludes, intimidates, or
causes discomfort to others. Do not tolerate discrimination or harassment based
on characteristics that include, but are not limited to, gender identity and
expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size,
citizenship, nationality, ethnic or social origin, pregnancy, familial status,
veteran status, genetic information, religion or belief (or lack thereof),
membership of a national minority, property, age, education, socio-economic
status, technical choices, and experience level.

Behaviors that we consider harassment and exclusionary include but are not limited to:

* Violent threats or language directed against another person
* Posting sexually explicit or violent material
* Posting (or threatening to post) someone else's personally identifying
  information ("doxing")
* Sharing private content, such as emails sent privately or non-publicly, or
  direct message history, without the sender’s consent
* Personal insults, especially those using racist or sexist terms
* Unwelcome sexual attention
* Public or private harassment
* The use of sexualized language or imagery
* Excessive profanity (please avoid curse words; people differ greatly in their sensitivity to swearing)
* Sexist, racist, or otherwise discriminatory jokes and language
* Trolling or insulting and derogatory comments
* Comments which have the effect of excluding people on the basis of membership
  in a specific group, including the level of experience, gender, gender
  identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, neurotype, personal
  appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age, religion, or nationality
* Persistent unwanted interaction with someone (e.g., messaging, conversation,
  photography, or recording) after being explicitly asked to stop
* Other unethical or unprofessional conduct
* Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behaviors

This Code of Conduct is not exhaustive or complete. It serves to capture our
common understanding of a productive, collaborative environment. We expect our
community members to follow the spirit of the Code of Conduct as much as
possible.

## 2. Incident Reporting Guidelines

Code of Conduct incidents reduce the value of our community for everyone.
Quansight takes reports of misconduct very seriously and is committed to
preserving and maintaining the welcoming nature of our community and our company
culture. You are encouraged to be an active bystander especially if you notice a
dangerous situation or someone in distress.

Should you observe a breach of the Code of Conduct—even if the breach seems
inconsequential and/or unintentional—you may choose to point the person(s)
directly to this Code of Conduct. This can happen in private or
not—whichever is most appropriate. The goal is to treat all parties with dignity
and respect; ideally, the offending person(s) should have the opportunity to
correct the behavior and make amends. If you would prefer not to address the
person(s) directly, please discuss the issue in confidence with a member of the
COC committee. You can alternatively seek confidential advice from one of the
Quansight Labs Co-Directors.

In the event of an egregious incident, please report the matter formally—as
described below—in a timely manner to the entire COC committee (`coc@quansight.com`)
or to one of the Quansight Labs Co-Directors (as listed above).

**All reports will be kept confidential.**

Incident reports will be reviewed and investigated by the COC committee. Possible
outcomes of the process are detailed below.

### a. How to Submit an Incident Report

In the context of this Code of Conduct, a "report" means a written notification
(as described below) of any Code of Conduct incident sent to the COC committee or
to a Quansight Labs Co-Director.

Quansight is committed to promptly addressing any incident reports in a timely manner.

### b. Conflicts of Interest

In the event of a conflict of interest with any COC committee member, the
relevant member will recuse themselves from handling the report. Involved
parties are never part of the review process.

If you are concerned about submitting a report that will reach any specific
individual, please contact one of the Quansight Labs Co-Directors directly.

### c. What to Include in a Report

Our ability to address any Code of Conduct incident in a timely and effective
manner is critically dependent on the amount & the precision of all information
provided. Please include as much of the following as possible in an incident
report:

+ Your contact information (including your preferred medium of contact).
    + If you wish to remain anonymous, your personal contact details will not be shared beyond
      the person receiving the initial report.
+ Approximate time & location of the incident (be as specific as possible).
+ Identifying information of all individuals actively involved in the COC incident.
    + This may include names, nicknames/pseudonyms, usernames/screen-names, physical
  descriptions, etc.
+ Witnesses (if any, in case of an in-person incident)
    + Provide names and contact details if available
+ Description of the circumstances/context surrounding the incident (e.g., at a
  conference, in a private meeting, during an online chat, etc.)
+ Description of the behavior
    + If reporting harassing language, be specific about the words used.
    + Provide a detailed account of what happened.
    + Provide any available supporting records (e.g. email, screenshots, links to public GitHub
    issues, mailing list archives, or public chat logs, etc.)
+ State whether you believe this incident is ongoing and/or part of an ongoing pattern of
  behavior.
+ Any additional information that may be helpful.

### d. Procedures after Filing a Report

**Reviewing the Report**

The Quansight COC committee will acknowledge receipt of the incident report
within two business days. They will make all efforts to review the incident
report within a week to determine:

* whether this is an ongoing situation;
* whether there is a threat to anyone’s physical safety;
* what specfically happened;
* whether this incident does constitute an infraction of the Code of Conduct; and
* who the bad actors were, if any.

All reports will be reviewed and will result in a response necessary and
appropriate to the circumstances. Where additional perspectives are needed, the
team may seek insight from others with relevant expertise or experience. The
confidentiality of the incident's reporter will be kept at all times.

**Contacting the Person(s) Reported**

After the Quansight COC Committee has had time to review and discuss the
report, any persons responsible for the incident in the report (hereafter
called reportees) will be contacted. Reportees will be informed of what has
been reported about them & they will be asked to provide their account of what
happened. The incident reporter will not normally be consulted about the
proposed resolution of the incident, except insofar as needed to understand how
to help them feel safe.

We aim to respond within one week to the incident reporter with either a
resolution or an explanation of why the situation remains unresolved. We will
contact the reportee to let them know what actions will be taken as a result of
the report if any.

Our policy is to make sure that everyone aware of the initial incident is also
made aware that official action has been taken while still respecting the
privacy of individuals. Quansight commits to maintaining the confidentiality of
the reporter of an incident. Quansight may choose to make a public statement
regarding the incident while maintaining the anonymity of those involved.

**Response and Potential Consequences**

The Quansight COC Committee will recommend a response to the Quansight Labs
Co-Directors (or higher up the Quansight leadership team if appropriate).

Potential consequences (for reportees) of Quansight Code of Conduct incidents include:

* Nothing (if it is determined that no breach occurred)
* Private feedback or reprimand from Quansight to the reportee(s) involved
* Warning the reportee to cease their behavior and that any further incident
  reports will result in sanctions
* A public announcement that an incident occurred
* Mediation (only if both reporter(s) and reportee(s) agree)
* A permanent or temporary ban from some or all Quansight spaces (mailing
  lists, GitHub repos, in-person events, etc.)
* Assistance to the complainant with a report to other bodies (e.g., institutional offices or appropriate law enforcement agencies)
* Publishing an account of the incident and calling for the resignation of the
  reportee(s) from their responsibilities (usually pursued when Quansight lacks
  formal authority: this may be appropriate if the person is an external event
  leader, if they refuse to recuse themselves from a conflict of interest, or
  similar)
* Any other response that Quansight deems necessary and appropriate to the situation
* Referral to the appropriate HR staff for Quansight employees.
* At Quansight events, if a participant engages in behavior that violates this
  Code of Conduct, the organizers and staff may take any action they deem
  appropriate

At an in-person Quansight-organized event, potential consequences for Code of
Conduct incidents include:

* Warning the offender to cease their behavior and that any further incidents will result in sanctions
* Requiring that the offender avoid any interaction with—and physical proximity
  to—any relevant person(s) (e.g., in the case of harrassment) for the
  remainder of the event
* Immediately ending all the offender's remaining event responsibilities and privileges
* Expelling the offender from the event immediately and requiring that they do not return
* Banning the person from future events (either indefinitely or for a certain time period)
* Any other response that Quansight deems necessary and appropriate to the situation

Individuals consistently engaging in behaviors contrary to the standards of our
Code of Conduct will not be permitted to hold any position representing
Quansight (volunteer positions included). Quansight has the right and
responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, edits, and
other online contributions that are not aligned with this Code of Conduct.

## 3. Sources

This Code of Conduct has been adapted from numerous sources, including:

+ [the TODO Group Code of Conduct template](https://todogroup.org/blog/open-code-of-conduct/)
+ [the Django Code of Conduct](https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/)
+ [the Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/)
+ [the Ubuntu Code of Conduct v2.0](https://ubuntu.com/community/code-of-conduct)
+ [the NumFOCUS Code of Conduct](https://numfocus.org/code-of-conduct)
+ [the Vox Media Code of Conduct](https://code-of-conduct.voxmedia.com/)
+ [the Bokeh Code of Conduct](https://github.com/bokeh/bokeh/blob/branch-2.3/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
+ [the SciPy Code of Conduct](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/dev/conduct/code_of_conduct.html)
+ [the Carpentries Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html)
+ [the NeurIPS Code of Conduct](https://neurips.cc/public/CodeOfConduct)

Commit message:

Adjust wording to replace Labs mentions and titles

CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

# Quansight Repository Code of Conduct

- [Quansight Repository Code of Conduct](#quansight-repository-code-of-conduct)
  - [1. Introduction](#1-introduction)
    - [a. Expected Behavior](#a-expected-behavior)
    - [b. Unacceptable Behavior](#b-unacceptable-behavior)
  - [2. Incident Reporting Guidelines](#2-incident-reporting-guidelines)
    - [a. How to Submit an Incident Report](#a-how-to-submit-an-incident-report)
    - [b. Conflicts of Interest](#b-conflicts-of-interest)
    - [c. What to Include in a Report](#c-what-to-include-in-a-report)
    - [d. Procedures after Filing a Report](#d-procedures-after-filing-a-report)
  - [3. Sources](#3-sources)

-------

## 1. Introduction

The aim of this Code of Conduct is to facilitate healthy and constructive
community behavior by all participants at
Quansight-organized in-person events and in Quansight-managed public
repositories.  Those participants
may be users, maintainers, or contributors to open-source projects managed by
Quansight PBC. This Code of Conduct outlines expected
behaviors as well as steps for reporting incidents of unacceptable behavior.

This Code of Conduct applies to all repositories and communities for
Quansight-managed open-source projects regardless of whether or not the
repository explicitly includes this document. The Code also applies in public
spaces when an individual represents a project or its community. This Code of
Conduct applies to all spaces and public repositories of Quansight on all
platforms (including GitHub). Examples
include using an official project e-mail address, posting via an official
social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or
in-person event. What constitutes representing a project may be further defined
and clarified by project maintainers.

Quansight is committed to providing a welcoming and inspiring community for
all. Anyone claiming affiliation with Quansight public repositories is required
to conform to the Code of Conduct.
Possible consequences for breaching this Code of Conduct are listed below.

Incidents concerning Quansight employees may be referred to Quansight's HR
staff.

If you have questions about interpreting this Code of Conduct, please reach out
to any member of the Code of Conduct committee. The current Code of Conduct
committee is:

+ Dhavide Aruliah (`daruliah@quansight.com`)
+ Aaron Meurer (`ameurer@quansight.com`)
+ Kim Pevey (`kpevey@quansight.com`)
+ Matti Picus (`mpicus@quansight.com`)

The COC committee consists of (at least) three members of Quansight staff. The
term of the membership is one calendar year with the option for renewal if
desired (the COC committee may stagger departures to preserve committee
memory).

You may alternatively choose to contact one of the Quansight Co-CEOs
with questions regarding this COC:

+ Ralf Gommers (`rgommers at quansight.com`)
+ Tania Allard (`tallard at quansight.com`)

### a. Expected Behavior

+ Be empathetic, welcoming, friendly, patient, considerate, and mindful.
    + Everyone deserves to be treated with kindness and empathy.
+ Remember, you might not be communicating in someone else’s primary language.
    + If a communication is unclear, ask for clarification respectfully.
+ Offer to help if you see someone struggling or otherwise in need of assistance.
    + Take care to be kind without being patronizing.
    + If someone asks you for help, try to be generous with your time.
    + If you do not have the time, direct them to someone else who might.
+ Be mindful of the words you choose.
    + Do not insult or put down others.
    + Take responsibility for your words in all communications (i.e., written or verbal).
+ Be respectful during remote and in-person interactions alike.
+ Adopt habits that are inclusive and productive for community members wherever and whomever they are.
+ Be polite and friendly in all forms of communication.
    + Remember, with written communication, opportunities for misunderstanding are much greater.
    + Use sarcasm sparingly.
    + Consider using extratextual indicators (e.g., emojis) to ensure that tone
      is clearly communicated online.
+ Seek to understand other viewpoints and resolve differences constructively.
    + Different people have different perspectives on issues.
    + Our community consists of people from widely varying backgrounds.
    + Disagreements, both social and technical, are useful learning opportunities.
    + Being unable to understand someone else's viewpoint doesn’t mean it's wrong.

### b. Unacceptable Behavior

Do not insult or put down other members of the community. Do not tolerate
behavior that is disrespectful to anyone or that excludes, intimidates, or
causes discomfort to others. Do not tolerate discrimination or harassment based
on characteristics that include, but are not limited to, gender identity and
expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size,
citizenship, nationality, ethnic or social origin, pregnancy, familial status,
veteran status, genetic information, religion or belief (or lack thereof),
membership of a national minority, property, age, education, socio-economic
status, technical choices, and experience level.

Behaviors that we consider harassment and exclusionary include but are not limited to:

* Violent threats or language directed against another person
* Posting sexually explicit or violent material
* Posting (or threatening to post) someone else's personally identifying
  information ("doxing")
* Sharing private content, such as emails sent privately or non-publicly, or
  direct message history, without the sender’s consent
* Personal insults, especially those using racist or sexist terms
* Unwelcome sexual attention
* Public or private harassment
* The use of sexualized language or imagery
* Excessive profanity (please avoid curse words; people differ greatly in their sensitivity to swearing)
* Sexist, racist, or otherwise discriminatory jokes and language
* Trolling or insulting and derogatory comments
* Comments which have the effect of excluding people on the basis of membership
  in a specific group, including the level of experience, gender, gender
  identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, neurotype, personal
  appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age, religion, or nationality
* Persistent unwanted interaction with someone (e.g., messaging, conversation,
  photography, or recording) after being explicitly asked to stop
* Other unethical or unprofessional conduct
* Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behaviors

This Code of Conduct is not exhaustive or complete. It serves to capture our
common understanding of a productive, collaborative environment. We expect our
community members to follow the spirit of the Code of Conduct as much as
possible.

## 2. Incident Reporting Guidelines

Code of Conduct incidents reduce the value of our community for everyone.
Quansight takes reports of misconduct very seriously and is committed to
preserving and maintaining the welcoming nature of our community and our company
culture. You are encouraged to be an active bystander especially if you notice a
dangerous situation or someone in distress.

Should you observe a breach of the Code of Conduct—even if the breach seems
inconsequential and/or unintentional—you may choose to point the person(s)
directly to this Code of Conduct. This can happen in private or
not—whichever is most appropriate. The goal is to treat all parties with dignity
and respect; ideally, the offending person(s) should have the opportunity to
correct the behavior and make amends. If you would prefer not to address the
person(s) directly, please discuss the issue in confidence with a member of the
COC committee. You can alternatively seek confidential advice from one of the
Quansight Co-CEOs.

In the event of an egregious incident, please report the matter formally—as
described below—in a timely manner to the entire COC committee (`coc@quansight.com`)
or to one of the Quansight Co-CEOs (as listed above).

**All reports will be kept confidential.**

Incident reports will be reviewed and investigated by the COC committee. Possible
outcomes of the process are detailed below.

### a. How to Submit an Incident Report

In the context of this Code of Conduct, a "report" means a written notification
(as described below) of any Code of Conduct incident sent to the COC committee or
to a Quansight Co-CEO.

Quansight is committed to promptly addressing any incident reports in a timely manner.

### b. Conflicts of Interest

In the event of a conflict of interest with any COC committee member, the
relevant member will recuse themselves from handling the report. Involved
parties are never part of the review process.

If you are concerned about submitting a report that will reach any specific
individual, please contact one of the Quansight Co-CEOs directly.

### c. What to Include in a Report

Our ability to address any Code of Conduct incident in a timely and effective
manner is critically dependent on the amount & the precision of all information
provided. Please include as much of the following as possible in an incident
report:

+ Your contact information (including your preferred medium of contact).
  + If you wish to remain anonymous, your personal contact details will not be shared beyond
      the person receiving the initial report.
+ Approximate time & location of the incident (be as specific as possible).
+ Identifying information of all individuals actively involved in the COC incident.
  + This may include names, nicknames/pseudonyms, usernames/screen-names, physical
  descriptions, etc.
+ Witnesses (if any, in case of an in-person incident)
  + Provide names and contact details if available
+ Description of the circumstances/context surrounding the incident (e.g., at a
  conference, in a private meeting, during an online chat, etc.)
+ Description of the behavior
  + If reporting harassing language, be specific about the words used.
  + Provide a detailed account of what happened.
  + Provide any available supporting records (e.g. email, screenshots, links to public GitHub
  issues, mailing list archives, or public chat logs, etc.)
+ State whether you believe this incident is ongoing and/or part of an ongoing pattern of
  behavior.
+ Any additional information that may be helpful.

### d. Procedures after Filing a Report

**Reviewing the Report**

The Quansight COC committee will acknowledge receipt of the incident report
within two business days. They will make all efforts to review the incident
report within a week to determine:

* whether this is an ongoing situation;
* whether there is a threat to anyone’s physical safety;
* what specfically happened;
* whether this incident does constitute an infraction of the Code of Conduct; and
* who the bad actors were, if any.

All reports will be reviewed and will result in a response necessary and
appropriate to the circumstances. Where additional perspectives are needed, the
team may seek insight from others with relevant expertise or experience. The
confidentiality of the incident's reporter will be kept at all times.

**Contacting the Person(s) Reported**

After the Quansight COC Committee has had time to review and discuss the
report, any persons responsible for the incident in the report (hereafter
called reportees) will be contacted. Reportees will be informed of what has
been reported about them & they will be asked to provide their account of what
happened. The incident reporter will not normally be consulted about the
proposed resolution of the incident, except insofar as needed to understand how
to help them feel safe.

We aim to respond within one week to the incident reporter with either a
resolution or an explanation of why the situation remains unresolved. We will
contact the reportee to let them know what actions will be taken as a result of
the report if any.

Our policy is to make sure that everyone aware of the initial incident is also
made aware that official action has been taken while still respecting the
privacy of individuals. Quansight commits to maintaining the confidentiality of
the reporter of an incident. Quansight may choose to make a public statement
regarding the incident while maintaining the anonymity of those involved.

**Response and Potential Consequences**

The Quansight COC Committee will recommend a response to the Quansight leadership team.

Potential consequences (for reportees) of Quansight Code of Conduct incidents include:

* Nothing (if it is determined that no breach occurred)
* Private feedback or reprimand from Quansight to the reportee(s) involved
* Warning the reportee to cease their behavior and that any further incident
  reports will result in sanctions
* A public announcement that an incident occurred
* Mediation (only if both reporter(s) and reportee(s) agree)
* A permanent or temporary ban from some or all Quansight spaces (mailing
  lists, GitHub repos, in-person events, etc.)
* Assistance to the complainant with a report to other bodies (e.g., institutional offices or appropriate law enforcement agencies)
* Publishing an account of the incident and calling for the resignation of the
  reportee(s) from their responsibilities (usually pursued when Quansight lacks
  formal authority: this may be appropriate if the person is an external event
  leader, if they refuse to recuse themselves from a conflict of interest, or
  similar)
* Any other response that Quansight deems necessary and appropriate to the situation
* Referral to the appropriate HR staff for Quansight employees.
* At Quansight events, if a participant engages in behavior that violates this
  Code of Conduct, the organizers and staff may take any action they deem
  appropriate

At an in-person Quansight-organized event, potential consequences for Code of
Conduct incidents include:

* Warning the offender to cease their behavior and that any further incidents will result in sanctions
* Requiring that the offender avoid any interaction with—and physical proximity
  to—any relevant person(s) (e.g., in the case of harrassment) for the
  remainder of the event
* Immediately ending all the offender's remaining event responsibilities and privileges
* Expelling the offender from the event immediately and requiring that they do not return
* Banning the person from future events (either indefinitely or for a certain time period)
* Any other response that Quansight deems necessary and appropriate to the situation

Individuals consistently engaging in behaviors contrary to the standards of our
Code of Conduct will not be permitted to hold any position representing
Quansight (volunteer positions included). Quansight has the right and
responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, edits, and
other online contributions that are not aligned with this Code of Conduct.

## 3. Sources

This Code of Conduct has been adapted from numerous sources, including:

+ [the TODO Group Code of Conduct template](https://todogroup.org/blog/open-code-of-conduct/)
+ [the Django Code of Conduct](https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/)
+ [the Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/)
+ [the Ubuntu Code of Conduct v2.0](https://ubuntu.com/community/code-of-conduct)
+ [the NumFOCUS Code of Conduct](https://numfocus.org/code-of-conduct)
+ [the Vox Media Code of Conduct](https://code-of-conduct.voxmedia.com/)
+ [the Bokeh Code of Conduct](https://github.com/bokeh/bokeh/blob/branch-2.3/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
+ [the SciPy Code of Conduct](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/dev/conduct/code_of_conduct.html)
+ [the Carpentries Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html)
+ [the NeurIPS Code of Conduct](https://neurips.cc/public/CodeOfConduct)
